# CS210_FahrenheitToCelsius_Program

 

 - Develop code to read data from a text file. Read the provided document, FahrenheitTemperature.txt, which includes data on the average yearly temperature for six different cities in degrees Fahrenheit. Note that a space separates each city from its temperature. Assume the city’s name does not include any spaces or special characters (the name should consist of only a single word). Also assume the provided temperature is presented as an integer. Consider the following steps as you work:
 - Open the provided file so it is ready to be read. Remember the file is named FahrenheitTemperature.txt. Watch out for the class you use, and make sure it is for reading a file and not writing to a file. Read data from the provided file. Remember, to read this file you will need to declare a variable. Begin by reading the first value and putting it in the first variable. Then read the next value and put it in the second variable.
 - Once this is complete, be sure to close the file. This releases the file so it can be used again.
 - Develop code to write data to a text file. Title the new document you are creating CelsiusTemperature.txt. The name of the output file needs to be different from the name of the input file so you do not overwrite and erase the input file. Consider the following steps as you work:
 - Declare a variable to point to the file that will be written to. Watch out for the class you use, and make sure it is for writing to a file and not reading a file.
 - Create the code instructions for writing data to the new output file. In this new file, include space for both the name of the city and the temperature in Celsius for each city included in the original input file. You will need to complete the Fahrenheit-to-Celsius conversion calculation before you write to the new file. Use the following formula to make this conversion. Note that °F represents the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit while °C represents the temperature in degrees Celsius.Open parenthesis degrees F minus 32 close parenthesis times 5 over 9 equals degrees C.
 - Close the file once you are done writing to it. If you attempt to look at the results in the file before completing this step, your file may appear empty.
